Add Roboflow to `Third-Party Tools` in AI & Vectors section (#19272)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/ai/integrations/roboflow.mdx

import Layout from '~/layouts/DefaultGuideLayout'

export const meta = {
  id: 'ai-integration-roboflow',
  title:
    'Roboflow',
  subtitle:
    'Learn how to integrate Supabase with Roboflow, a tool for running fine-tuned and foundation vision models.',
  breadcrumb: 'AI Integrations',
}

> This guide will walk you through a basic example using [Roboflow Inference](https://inference.roboflow.com) to run inference on fine-tuned and foundation models. We will run inference and save predictions using an object detection model and [CLIP](https://github.com/openai/CLIP).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will walk you through a basic example using [Roboflow Inference](https://inference.roboflow.com) to run inference on fine-tuned and foundation models. You will run inference and save predictions using an object detection model and [CLIP](https://github.com/openai/CLIP).
```

Minor nit: in our [style guide](https://github.com/supabase/supabase/blob/master/apps/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) we prefer `you` over `we`

> For this tutorial, we have prepared two notebooks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial uses two Roboflow notebooks:
```

1. Save computer vision model predictions in Supabase
2. Calculate and save CLIP embeddings in Supabase

<DatabaseSetup />

## Save Computer Vision Predictions

> Once you have a trained vision model, you need to create business logic for your application. In many cases, you may want to save inference results to a file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have a trained vision model, you need to create business logic for your application. In many cases, you want to save inference results to a file. 
```

> Let's talk through how to run a vision model locally and save predictions to Supabase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps show you how to run a vision model locally and save predictions to Supabase.
```

### Preparation: Set up a Model

> Before we begin, you will need an object detection model trained on your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you begin, you will need an object detection model trained on your data.
```
